## Company : Amazon India
### On-Campus

### Pattern
1. Quantitative
1. Debugging x7
1. Coding x 2
1. Psychology assessment

### Discussion 
- The quant questions consisted of basic reasoning and mathematics. It was similar to other aptitude tests.

- The debugging questions consisted of some simple code snippets with a bug in each of them. Sample input and output were given. We had to find out the bug, correct the code, and, therefore produce the correct output. Approximately, 2 mins per question are given.

- The coding section consisted of two questions:
  1. Easy - Search element in row-wise and column-wise sorted 2D array. The constraints were loose, allowing the brute force solution to pass.
  2. Medium - One of two questions was alloted randomly. The first one was based on reachability using DFS. The second one was based on round-robin scheduling.
  
- The psychology assessment section consisted of some questions on a situation or asking about your views. Basically, they check if your thought process is in line with their Leadership Principles.


### Comments
1. Apply brute force if no solution comes to your mind. In the second problem, try to pass atleast 50-60% of test cases
1. Each of the four sections have separate time limits. Try not to linger around in the quantative section if you have lots of extra time. In case of equal scores,maybe time can be considered while shortlisting for interviews



##### Note : These are personal experience shared from the given year, and does not guarantee similarity to current year process
